Dear Business person ; Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our briefing 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 
; Title 4 , Section 309 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 14 months . Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU use credit cards on your website and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 150% ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Simpson of Louisiana tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in 
good standing . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% 
. Best regards ! Dear Decision maker , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 5 , Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 34 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
plus society seems to be moving faster and faster ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you increase customer response by 120% & 
use credit cards on your website ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! 
Prof Simpson who resides in Illinois tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! We beseech 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 70% . Thanks ! Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 5 ; Section 301 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 85 days . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
plus process your orders within seconds . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mr Ames who resides in Montana tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! We beseech you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Warmest regards ! 
